durianrider is getting sued by as Lazard
in a Thai Court system the bike festival
is off this year something that's been
going on for the past three or four
years it's complete [ __ ] I think
it's from pettiness ego and spiked I
don't know exactly why this is [ __ ]
going down again this is not a drama
channel but I wanted to comment on this
because this is impacting vegans and the
vegan community right not the entire
community but definitely a subsection of
it right
and I don't know why this shit's
happening this should happen over a
[ __ ] year ago everybody's pretty much
moved on and forgot about it the only
person who hasn't is iyslah's art he has
built his YouTube platform and his
following on trashing durianrider and
freely
and my question is this eyes'll guy what
what if you could have anything right
any resolution that you want what is it
what is it that he wants what what could
he possibly want okay so if he says
defamation where he's like it's
preventing me from excelling in my
career my love life etc that's code for
I wants money right you want money right
is that what it is or do you want to
take down durianrider right do you want
him to go into prison do you want to
have his hand chopped off or what it
what what is it that this person wants
what kind of possible resolution that he
can have now if he can provide
supporting documentation that his
reputation was ruined and that he lost
careers or potential job opportunities
because of this right he may have a case
you know what I'm saying he might have a
lawsuit on his hands who knows you know
what I'm saying but if that's something
that you are worried about right your
reputation in real life then you
wouldn't be on [ __ ] YouTube you know
what I'm saying you want to be on
YouTube and you definitely would not be
parading around the fact that somebody
called you a sexual predator or whatever
you wouldn't make dozens and dozens of
videos and get into arguments with
thousands of people and have them and
put a magnifying glass on it if it's
something that was important to you so
my only question this is what is it that
you want right what is it what is that
what is the resolution here right you
know what is the [ __ ] resolution is
this just some petty [ __ ] spite [ __ ]
is there some sort of infatuation is
there some fanaticism among this from
ISIL to Harley I don't [ __ ] know kind
of looks like that again this is just my
comments critiques and criticisms don't
throw the baby out with the [ __ ]
bathwater
because during Ryder and freely over the
past six seven years has played a
gigantic role in veganism and spreading
the vegan message and getting people to
go vegan they have given [ __ ] good
advice they've done a [ __ ]
[ __ ] ton and last year a select few
people within the vegan community it was
able to turn over half of the people
over against durianrider and it's kind
of sad because he's a pioneer you know
what I'm saying he is somebody who has
had a super positive impact on a lot of
a lot of people's lives right and it's
kind of [ __ ] it's just it's [ __ ]
[ __ ] you know what I'm saying so
there you go - change comes with time
- out these jeans I learned to kick down
for mine had the food supply
the attitude of not giving the [ __ ] ball
with no luck refuses thanks duck
[Music]
do I deal with but wiser the job was no
surprises I need it I would make it oh
the chance I had to take it fake it no
because that [ __ ] were too clever if
there ever was the [ __ ] top with
crime and had to be meet the be I see a
mighty nice play right she come sunup
gun up for the movie the wanna run up
wishing my Polly came up shot that [ __ ]
done what
[Music]
I had to get rid of my mother so I
reported my heart our level opposes I
made a connection and world's ready for
elbows and falls I just keep back
[Music]
as many
changing I'm living my life finding out
the dope like larger millionaire
something screaming my hair Michael go
but I really show black I got to get my
[ __ ] together the right way I know that
you coming up short swinging by the
chair Lynn thinking of a master plan cos
[ __ ] barreling down the road and I
promise not to look back and what I was
there but I have not with a left me when
I was two flexure
on ground controllers shit-kicking that
never knew like to be so damn
everything feeling long time what change
it change
[Music]
away the [ __ ] key that's the way they
punished me [ __ ] the socket this
prima situate in the penitentiary you
won't make a difference Jesus cause
ain't nobody missing me Ronnie Ronnie
while we got were different they get
different face damn I wish to run away I
hate this [ __ ] place too many
goddamn rules that's why I quit school
see the media quickly test I ain't no
damn fool can't walk because they're
always in my face and yet my stepfather
play they wanna give me your case ain't
no difference between society in the
jail house everybody's locked up they
wanna get the hell out just cuz you
ain't locked down you think you got a
good but you better think they give the
police a check that [ __ ] in the
neighborhood be in our hands down
because society is just like the pen so
get ready for the lockdown